Blog: week 22 (#131)
packit-service/packit.dev: content/posts/May-2020.md

draft: false
---

## Week 22 (May 25th - May 29th)

### packit

* [The problem with kerberos initialization](https://github.com/packit-service/packit/issues/837)
  was fixed. ([#838])

> * We released a new version of the packit package. ([release 0.11.1])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We released a new version of the packit package. ([release 0.11.0])
```

> * We have been also working on some smaller issues and preparation steps for our future work.

Reviewer: this is pretty vague, please at least hint about the future work and why we are doing it

Author: Do we really want to have it in the blog? The ones that make sense to me was already commented.

I just want to:
- provide links
- say that the PRs above was not the only thing we are working on
- not go into the details

Reviewer: oki, LGTM then

  ([#841], [#843], [#846], [#847])

[#838]: https://github.com/packit-service/packit/pull/838

[#841]: https://github.com/packit-service/packit/pull/841
[#843]: https://github.com/packit-service/packit/pull/843
[#846]: https://github.com/packit-service/packit/pull/846
[#847]: https://github.com/packit-service/packit/pull/847

> [release 0.11.1]: https://github.com/packit-service/packit/releases/tag/0.11.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[release 0.11.0]: https://github.com/packit-service/packit/releases/tag/0.11.0
```

### packit-service

> * [Jirka] implemented creating new bug in Bugzilla for CentOS-Stream pull-requests ([#627]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Jirka] implemented creating new bugs in Bugzilla for CentOS Stream pull-requests ([#627]).
```

> * [Jirka] implemented creating new bug in Bugzilla for CentOS-Stream pull-requests ([#627]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Jirka] implemented creating a new bug in Bugzilla for CentOS Stream pull-requests ([#627]).
```

>   This will be triggered by the added label in the (near) future.

Reviewer 2: As it's not implemented, I would remove this.

Author: This goes against what Tomáš wrote above. We want to have users in the loop.

>   This will be triggered by the added label in the (near) future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This will be triggered when the label "accepted" is added to a PR in the (near) future.
```

> * You will be able to use aliases also for koji builds. ([packit:#839], [#632])

Reviewer 2: Use present tense (it's already possible, or shortly will be). Maybe give an example or link to docs with examples.

Author: - It's possible but I don't want to motivate users to do it. (It's in the "preview" mode in the docs.)

Author: > Maybe give an example or link to docs with examples.

We already use aliases for the other jobs. I don't think it's necessary here.

* [Laura] fixed [a problem](https://github.com/packit-service/packit-service/issues/535) 

>   with the missing build when adding `/packit test` comment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  with missing builds when triggering Packit Service with `/packit test`.
```

>   Now, we trigger the build first if you do not have any builds for the pull-request yet. ([#631])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Now, we trigger the build first if there are no builds for the pull-request yet. ([#631])
```
